Token

Name: Rudis 
Symbol: RUDIS

Rudis means  a wooden sword or rod, which was used in Roman gladiator training both against the palus (a post) and for mock combats between sparring partners. It was also given, along with palm branches, to the winner of a gladiatorial battle.

Tokenomics: This is world's first NFT reflection token.

Fees: 1.11
1% can be redistributed.
0.11% go to marketing and dev team

There are 3 types of NFTs.

Tier1,  Tier2,  Tier3

Tier1 holders can get reflection in 10%
Tier2 holders can get reflection in 50%
Tier3 holders can get reflection in 100%

Introduce:(story)

RUDIS 
INTRODUCTION In a state of national irrationalities, financial chaos, and scarcity for the average. Slavery best suits the husky condition of the next generation. Imagine the hails in aim to be heard, the phase of total bondage and commitment to freedom. A loud hope is the mission but victory at last lies the gateway to freedom. Fight to victoria and tell the story of libertas more legit than that of the Roman poet martial. We are a symbol to Vita nova, a lane after the "END", a reason worth Fighting for. Rudis represents victory. The Crypto space is been exceeded by whales and government hazards which are unhealthy for the average individuals. Rudis validates and supplement your efforts by offering a platform to win with a universal symbol called $RUDIS. We exit stampede and victory to the right parties from the concept of Verus and priscus. Here comes the fortune teller, the game changer down to the blockchain. 
 Join today and let the Roman empire notice the new age beyond woods and stakes. Make welcome the gladiators of the future vision.  

RoadMap
phase one :
 Web site , 
social media set up,
 white list for presale ,
 Contract Audit. 

Phase 2 . 
Presale , 
Release first 200 tier 1 nfts, 
list on pancake swap . 
List on coigecko and Coin market cap, 
Start first paid publicity .
List on Cex

Phase 3 . 
Market place (where people can trade, or redeem the nft, without going on other sites), 
Start developing the first real use case of Rudis token . 
And at this point I really need to find something cool for this token . For now , if you have any idea for phase 3 please let me know


